FF114 Add Popover API to FF Experimental Features (#26894)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

### HTML DOM API

#### Popover API

Firefox now supports the [Popover API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Popover_API) JavaScript interfaces, including:

> - [`HTMLButtonElement.popoverTargetAction`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/popoverTargetAction) and [`HTMLButtonElement.popoverTargetElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/popoverTargetElement)
> - [`HTMLInputElement.popoverTargetElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement/popoverTargetElement) and [`HTMLInputElement.popoverTargetAction`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement/popoverTargetAction)
> - [`HTMLElement.popover`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/popover), [`HTMLElement.hidePopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/hidePopover), [`HTMLElement.showPopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/showPopover), [`HTMLElement.togglePopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/togglePopover), `HTMLElement` [`beforetoggle` event](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/beforetoggle_event), and [`ToggleEvent`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ToggleEvent).

Author: ```suggestion
- [`HTMLButtonElement.popoverTargetAction`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/popoverTargetAction) and [`HTMLButtonElement.popoverTargetElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/popoverTargetElement)
- [`HTMLInputElement.popoverTargetElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement/popoverTargetElement) and [`HTMLInputElement.popoverTargetAction`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement/popoverTargetAction)
- [`HTMLElement.popover`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/popover), [`HTMLElement.hidePopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/hidePopover), [`HTMLElement.showPopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/showPopover), [`HTMLElement.togglePopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/togglePopover).
- `HTMLElement` [`beforetoggle` event](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/beforetoggle_event), `HTMLElement` [`toggle_event` event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/toggle_event), and [`ToggleEvent`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ToggleEvent).
- CSS selectors [`::backdrop`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::backdrop) and [`:popover-open`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:popover-open)
- HTML global attributes  [`popovertarget`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button#popovertarget) and [`popovertargetaction`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button#popovertargetaction)
```

### HTML DOM API

#### Popover API

> Firefox now supports the [Popover API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Popover_API) JavaScript interfaces, including:

Reviewer: "JavaScript interfaces" -> "JavaScript features"? Most of these are not interfaces.

Author: Good point. When I first did this they were all interfaces - then I realized the whole API was being enabled (though not in my bugzilla issue) and added those.

```suggestion
Firefox now supports the [Popover API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Popover_API). This includes:
```

> - [`HTMLButtonElement.popoverTargetAction`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/popoverTargetAction) and [`HTMLButtonElement.popoverTargetElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/popoverTargetElement)

Author: Yes, having different order is odd. I personally prefer to keep it this way rather than actions and targets together.
```suggestion
- [`HTMLButtonElement.popoverTargetElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/popoverTargetElement) and [`HTMLButtonElement.popoverTargetAction`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/popoverTargetAction).
```

- [`HTMLInputElement.popoverTargetElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement/popoverTargetElement) and [`HTMLInputElement.popoverTargetAction`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement/popoverTargetAction)
- [`HTMLElement.popover`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/popover), [`HTMLElement.hidePopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/hidePopover), [`HTMLElement.showPopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/showPopover), [`HTMLElement.togglePopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/togglePopover).
- `HTMLElement` [`beforetoggle` event](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/beforetoggle_event), `HTMLElement` [`toggle_event` event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/toggle_event), and [`ToggleEvent`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ToggleEvent).

> - CSS selectors [`::backdrop`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::backdrop) and [`:popover-open`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:popover-open)

Reviewer: Placement seems weird — these are CSS pseudos, not JavaScript features. Maybe put it as a separate note, not in the list.

Another nitpick — `::backdrop` is not a feature specific to the popover API; it can be used with any feature that puts an element into the top layer. It is merely extended to support popovers.

### HTML DOM API

#### Popover API

Firefox now supports the [Popover API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Popover_API).

> The following Web APIs are now implemented:
> 
> - [`HTMLButtonElement.popoverTargetElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/popoverTargetElement) and [`HTMLButtonElement.popoverTargetAction`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/popoverTargetAction).
> - [`HTMLInputElement.popoverTargetElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement/popoverTargetElement) and [`HTMLInputElement.popoverTargetAction`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement/popoverTargetAction)
> - [`HTMLElement.popover`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/popover), [`HTMLElement.hidePopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/hidePopover), [`HTMLElement.showPopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/showPopover), [`HTMLElement.togglePopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/togglePopover).
> - `HTMLElement` [`beforetoggle` event](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/beforetoggle_event), `HTMLElement` [`toggle_event` event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/toggle_event), and [`ToggleEvent`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ToggleEvent).
> 
> CSS updates include:
> 
> - [`:popover-open`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:popover-open) 
> - [`::backdrop`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::backdrop) has been extended to support popovers.
> 
> The following HTML global attributes are supported:
> 
> - [`popovertarget`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button#popovertarget)
> - [`popovertargetaction`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button#popovertargetaction)

Author: @chrisdavidmills This now feels a lot less succinct, but perhaps it will make it easier to split this all up when we do a release note. 

In case you prefer it, an alternative:

```suggestion
This includes

- [`HTMLButtonElement.popoverTargetElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/popoverTargetElement) and [`HTMLButtonElement.popoverTargetAction`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/popoverTargetAction).
- [`HTMLInputElement.popoverTargetElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement/popoverTargetElement) and [`HTMLInputElement.popoverTargetAction`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement/popoverTargetAction)
- [`HTMLElement.popover`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/popover), [`HTMLElement.hidePopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/hidePopover), [`HTMLElement.showPopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/showPopover), [`HTMLElement.togglePopover()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/togglePopover).
- `HTMLElement` [`beforetoggle` event](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/beforetoggle_event), `HTMLElement` [`toggle_event` event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/toggle_event), and [`ToggleEvent`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ToggleEvent).
- CSS pseudo element [`:popover-open`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:popover-open) has been added, and [`::backdrop`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::backdrop) has been extended to support popovers.
- The global HTML attributes [`popovertarget`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button#popovertarget) and [`popovertargetaction`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button#popovertargetaction) are now supported.
```
